A time that I felt that My grade did not represent what I learned was my history of art class I took in undergrad.  In truth, I did not pay attention in the lectures because I was doing homework for another class.  The reason why I didn't pay attention was because the only grades that mattered in that class were the 4 essays about art pieces and attendance.  I did this because my grade in my other classes mattered more, and the class was an 'easy A' so it freed up some time for me to work on homework that 'mattered' in my other classes.  I didn't learn anything about art history, nor did I have any interest in doing so because the grade didn't matter, it was more important to get that better grade in the other class because that would affect my GPA and that would in turn effect my scholarships and then effect if I can afford college.  The grade was both motivating but also unbelievably stressful, I had a class that caused me so much stress that it effected my sleep schedule by causing me to wake up too early and I couldn't go back to bed because I could only think about that final that determined if I got the passing grade or not.  If that class was more focused on just pass or failed, I would not have been as stressed out as I was and could get a goodnights rest.  If my classes at the time had been set up in the way described in the article, I would have been more involved about the content we were learning instead of ‘memorizing ‘facts that would be asked on the final or what I needed to know for the final, I would have asked more questions about why things were this way and how it affects our current understanding of the topic.  Grades to me, have always represented intelligence, motivation, organization, and the ability to learn.  It was the definition of success, high grades means that person is successful and will live a good life and will be comfortable and not have to worry about finding a job and going homeless, etc.  It wasn’t until I got into college, I realized that grades do not reflect how smart a person is or if they are motivated, it just means they memorized some facts and equations for a test and were good test takers.  I got a twenty-one on my ACT test and I remember just feeling so defeated, it was this overwhelming of my life is screwed up because I couldn’t get a higher score and now, I won’t get good scholarships or make it into a good school into a good program because I got a twenty-one on my ACT.  I look back at that now and think ‘why did I care so much about a score on a test?’ I got my bachelor's degree in mathematics, something I am very proud of because it was a difficult major and required a lot on my part in terms of learning and understanding the topics.  I got a lot of middle of the road grades, but I passed and felt confident in my abilities and knew that I was smart, not because of a letter grade, but because I understood the details and could problem solve in the necessary way to pass the major.
